KillPID-README
KillPID is a utility to find and kill processes either singly or from a list which may be built up from
direct entry or copying from a list of running processes. The saved list is in ~/.config/freesoftware
and is named KillPID.conf. When experimenting with sdr-shell I have many times crashed the
program and this utility is a convenient way of killing the running processes associated with it.
The advantage of the list is that a group of frequently used processes may be killed at one button
click.

The utility is in an upper and lower section. On startup the comboBox in the lower section is
populated with the running processes and the upper section list box contains any list which has been
previously saved.

Bottom Section commands

Choose a process:
Drop the combo and scroll through processes, click to choose.
Find PID:
Type in any part of a process name and press enter. Search is wild card so usb
enter will find anything starting or containing usb e.g. usbsoftrock or busby.
Click on the process in the list that you want.

Kill PID:
Choose the process you want from the comboBox dropdown and click
kill PID button. If there is more than one process with the same name you
will need to repeat the action.
Add to List:
Choose the process you want and click Add to List button. The process
showing in the comboBox edit line will be copied to the list. It is also
possible to type the name of a process whether running or not in the
comboBox edit line and add this to the list in the top section.

Top section commands.

Kill List:
Will kill any running processes in the list. If there are more than one of the
same name it will kill them all. You will be presented with a sanity check
listing the processes to be killed and an opportunity to cancel.

Remove Item:
Click on the item to be removed and click the Remove Item button.

Save List:
Saves the list to ~/.config/freesoftware, i.e. the same place as the sdr-shell
config file. Each click of Save List button overwrites the previous config.
On startup the config file is read into the top list. If you want a blank list
simply delete each item and save the blank list.

